Add module's config to `node_status_list` (#164)
aicers/review-web: CHANGELOG.md

  after) parameters, following the GraphQL pagination documentation guidelines.
  This enhancement ensures better consistency and adherence to best practices in
  handling pagination requests.

> - Add the result of `get_config` of each module to `node_status_list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the result of `get_config` of each module to `nodeStatusList` GraphQL API.
```

Author: 수정되었습니다
